*Preparing 1974 Silver Streak For Travel*
Using telescoping socket drive w/ (") deep well socket, from tool storage compartment or power drive socket, retract all (4) stabilizing jacks, mounted on bottom of trailer. A power drive, device can be used this.
Remove propane tanks (2) and batteries -in their boxes- from the tongue, and stow in towing vehicle, or if not feasible, stow in trailer's trunk.
With front of trailer raised above horizon, open black water discharge valve pulled out to open position, fully drain black water tank.
Once black water tank is drained, open grey water valve and drain grey water tank. The grey water will help clear solids from the discharge line.
Flush toilet repeatedly until water is removed from tank and bowl. Using a vacuum to remove residual water will reduce chance of freeze damage.
Remove and safely stow toilet tank lid to avoid mishap. Using bags of insulation and or foam and place in spaces between toilet tank and walls to prevent lashing during travel.
Remove (3") sewage hose and wash out with garden hose if possible, and stow in under floor storage area, accessed from cover near tongue.
Turn off water supply, remove hose from utility water (garden hose) connection and leave control valve open to drain water out of trailer's water lines- leave all faucet valves open to facilitate. If traveling through or storing in an area with freezing temperatures, one should use a vacuum to suck residual water out of lines to prevent freeze damage.
Turn off breaker for Hot Water tank, and open drain line.
Disconnect heavy power cord (120VAC) from utility supply, coil and stow in breaker box compartment. Latch closed.
Remove white weather cover & lower tongue jack to just above level of tow vehicle tow ball, using hand crank from tool storage compartment.
With wheels still off the ground, check wheels for damage and proper inflation. Check for proper wheel spin, check Bearing Buddies and add bearing grease as needed. If feasible, check electric brake operation.
Using floor jack or 2-ton scissor jack, coupled with special lift board (stored in kitchen closet) to lift (1) set of axle trollies, off of elevating wood block. Remove & stow blocks (preferably in tow vehicle) and lower wheel set to ground. Repeat for the other side's set of axle trollies.
Shift control switch on awning and allow spring load to roll up awning. Adjust length on curved awning supports to allow rolled awning to lie tight against trailer, being sure to fully tighten cinch knobs. Use straps to secure curved awning supports to stow blocks on side of trailer.
Install front window and left/right curved window covers being sure to securely latch all pieces for travel.
Using a ladder, remove all roof top protective covers including (3) custom vent covers, roof top A/C cover and hood protective cover, and stow in tow vehicle. It is imperative that the trailer not be towed on public roads with any items sitting, unattached on roof or outside of trailer.
Remove any contents from refrigerator freezer, and secure doors with tape to prevent opening during travel. Be sure to secure all contents in closets, cabinets, drawers and indoor storage areas.
Stow fixed stairway as well as any other outdoor accessories in tow vehicle. Slide in retracting stair if used, before beginning travel.
Close, latch & lock all compartment doors, including tool storage, electrical compartment, water/sewage compartment, flex drain storage, rear trunk and entry door. Close all roof vents, and all vented windows.
Connect trailer to tow vehicle using the 2-5/16" ball, and be sure to attach safety chains securely. Connect Round-7 trailer's electrical connector.
